okay this video is gonna be WrestleMania
rundown match by match is gonna be the
first of I would assume nine matches
that will be announced at WrestleMania
29 from New Jersey this match is gonna
be Del Rio Alberto Del Rio versus mr.
Jack Swagger now this match believe it
or not I think has the most build to it
because it really started at the
Elimination Chamber which was in
February where John Cena in the rock was
officially confirmed in you know just a
couple weeks after that but was it the
next night or something like that but I
all I know is this match has been
confirmed for a while and now with Jack
Swagger's new little gimmick you really
have to wonder that will it play an
effect to the point where they'll give
them the belt and to be quite honest I
only think that they're putting Jack
Swagger in this situation is to solidify
Alberto Del Rio as a legitimate good guy
is a guy that people can relate with and
to be quite honest I don't think it's
gonna work and I think this past week
was a perfect example and even the week
before Del Rio's characters more of you
know it has a very niche demographic
there's only a certain amount of people
who can really relate and who can really
get behind what Alberto Del Rio is doing
those are obviously Mexicans and to me
they are playing the just the turn in
general you know Alberto Del Rio turned
within a week just to stick up for his
friend you know Ricardo and there wasn't
really anything for fans like myself who
really don't have anything to do with
Del Rio to really get behind him for and
um you know it's like me with the great
khali
whether you guys hate him whether or not
I will always like him because I can
relate to him because he's the same
culture as me you know Miguel he's
always gonna like Del Rio maybe not
because he's Mexican but there's always
like something about him Miguel has
always been a fan of him since day one
and that's how people are like people
you know get behind those who they can
relate with and I can't get behind Del
Rio for the fact that ia I don't have
anything to relate with him for and to
they're not making me really believe in
Del Rio's always been that
guy who has been in FBI feel like it
worked for him like that's when I
actually liked him a little bit that
he's a cocky arrogant rich guy who gets
whatever he wants he's the mix of Eddie
Guerrero and JBL you know mixed them
together and you get Alberto Del Rio and
I think that worked for him but I think
that they didn't have anything to do you
know with him you know he was kind of
mixed in feud a feud with Sheamus and
Orton and he kind of got squashed both
times and now they're bringing Swagger
in here as being the big bad wolf and
Del Rio is kind of like that pig who's
trying to you know stick up for his
people save this house and to be quite
honest I think people are gonna turn on
it real quick and considering that a lot
of places can you know but Buffalo being
a perfect example there's not too many
people who are not non-whites in in
Buffalo and I was there for myself I saw
it there was a it's a majority white
population and where are you gonna get
the Del Rio pop you're gonna get bunch
of kids who are gonna say oh you know
he's a good guy we should cheer him but
you're not gonna get that hardcore pop
that you would have gotten in its a San
Jose California and that's I think Del
Rio's biggest downfall is that only
certain places are gonna get that big
pop where someone like you know that's
why I think Jack Swagger's gonna end up
you know getting the the face pop at
WrestleMania because you know USA USA
you're in New York where there's
happened to be terrorist attacks ten
years ago or over ten years ago and to
be good Nolan likes foreigners down
there so you know it's a little um you
know when you think about it I do feel
that Dario is gonna begin not boot out
of the building but it's definitely
gonna be a pro Jack Swagger crowd and
the Matt the match itself I am not very
fond of it all I feel like the super
star power between the two is enough to
maybe headline not even headline semi
headline the semi-main event
pay-per-view such as SummerSlam if
you're lucky if the build is good but
maybe in Extreme Rules I think a third
when you call it
you know I guess top four and then you
got like a be show yeah sure you gotta
call it the beach I was gonna say see
but I think that's pushing it a little
bit but something like in Extreme Rules
would be a good place to put that but I
do not feel that the match itself is
building enough anticipation nor is it
building enough superstar quality to be
on WrestleMania and I think Zeb Colter's
doing a great job I think he's really
the main aspect of the whole feud that's
really gonna bring it all together
because his promo work is a fantastic
Mike opinion and I feel that if that I
don't know swagger is just there and to
be quite honest I'd rather see I'd love
to see a Zeb Colter versus Alberto Del
Rio feud but obviously mr. nurse are you
a match not a few but you know that's
obviously not gonna happen but other
than that that's my thoughts I'm not too
fond of this match being a world title
match and to be quite honest what has
the world title been at WrestleMania to
me the last time people have really
given two shits about that belt at
WrestleMania is WrestleMania 26 was when
Jericho faced edge 27 that's when it
opened the show edge and Del Rio opened
the show in 28 you had Sheamus be de
Daniel Bryan and whatever 18 seconds and
now you got Swagger and Dario it's not
it's not the same belt it used to be
remember WrestleMania you know 19 Triple
H and Booker T you at 20 you had been
washed Shawn Michaels Triple H 21 yeah
but Tisa Triple H 22 you had who was 22
doesn't matter
but who was 22 I Rema stereo-a dreams to
your reindeer in Kurt Angle you know
those matches are huge they had meaning
towards it look at Batista and
Undertaker that was humongous but now
you compare that to what it is now it's
a big pretty big turn and I think it
really affects the credibility of the
belt especially being put on first but
um yeah that's all and I'll see you guys
in the next video